[DOC-646][doc]Update Sysbench docs (#26077)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/benchmark/sysbench-ysql.md

Before starting the workload, load the data as follows:

```sh
sysbench <workload> \

> --pgsql-host=<comma-separated-ips> \

Reviewer: indented layout was nicer

Author: The reason I did this is that in DB audit ybm cli PR, Atharva suggested we keep one space before backslash; his comment - https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/pull/25483#discussion_r1904384973

Reviewer: one space before backslash is fine; I'm talking about indenting the lines after the first line

Author: Okay, got it, thanks!

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th rowspan="2">Workload</th>
      <th colspan="2">Benchmark Statistics</th>
      <th colspan="2">Per Query Statistics</th>
      <th rowspan="2">Queries executed in each transaction</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>Throughput (txns/sec)</th>
      <th>Latency (ms) - avg</th>
      <th>Throughput (queries/sec)</th>
      <th>Latency (ms) - avg</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>oltp_read_only</td>
      <td>4616.32</td>
      <td>13</td>
      <td>46163.2</td>
      <td>1.3</td>
      <td>10 point selects</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>oltp_read_write</td>
      <td>245.49</td>
      <td>97.76</td>
      <td>7855.68</td>
      <td>3.05</td>
      <td>10 point selects <br> 10 index updates <br> 10 non-index update <br> 1 Insert <br> 1 Delete</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>oltp_multi_insert</td>
      <td>585.66</td>
      <td>40.98</td>
      <td>5856.6</td>
      <td>4.09</td>
      <td>10 Insert</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>oltp_update_index</td>
      <td>259.64</td>
      <td>92.43</td>
      <td>2596.4</td>
      <td>9.43</td>
      <td>10 index updates</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> Note: The 'Queries executed in each transaction' column represents the number of individual queries that are executed as part of each sysbench transaction. These queries contribute to the overall transaction performance and are key to understanding the workload distribution for different sysbench benchmarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _Queries executed in each transaction_ column shows the individual queries that are executed as part of each sysbench transaction, for each workload. These queries impact the overall transaction performance and are key to understanding the workload distribution for different sysbench benchmarks.
```
